{
  "scout": "Verify current, publicly-listed contact details and quote-response status for Aurinutra (info@aurinutra.com / (631) 454-0020) and Innova Nutra (innovanutra.com contact form). Confirm no new info has been invented — verified sources only. Additionally, compile a verified shortlist of up to 2 backup low-MOQ (250/500) GMP-certified softgel manufacturers capable of true lipid encapsulation, with verified contact details only, in case neither primary responds. Do NOT send any outreach — research and document only for Adam.",
  "writer": "Draft a polite follow-up email (CAN-SPAM compliant, no health claims) to both Aurinutra and Innova Nutra requesting their pending quotes, restating the 5 key manufacturer questions: lipid encapsulation availability, MOQ at 250/500, GMP + COA, natural astaxanthin sourcing (Haematococcus pluvialis only), and achievable collagen dose in softgel. DRAFT ONLY — Adam sends. Separately, draft this week's first FORM TikTok script (G2) from the approved TikTok Scripts doc — lifestyle/no-product, leading with the 'gallon a day and still waking up dehydrated' hook. Reference Master Brand Document v5 for voice. Submit both via branch + PR.",
  "finance": "Log API cost for today's run and report month-to-date spend against the $20/month cap. Flag immediately if projected monthly spend will exceed the cap and recommend cheaper-model swaps if needed. Also produce a quick readiness checklist of upcoming committed monthly costs (Amazon Seller $39/mo when inventory ships, Shopify $39/mo when inventory ships, Helium 10 free trial) so Adam can sequence them — note these are business costs, separate from the $20 API cap.",
  "auditor": "QA all Writer outputs before use: (1) confirm both manufacturer follow-up emails contain zero medical/health claims, are CAN-SPAM compliant, use only verified contact details, and correctly state all 5 manufacturer questions; (2) confirm the TikTok script is on-brand (coastal, clean, active, not bro-y, not clinical), contains no banned health/medical claims, and matches the approved script from the content calendar. Verify nothing references unverified contacts or invented data. Flag any guardrail risk for Adam and do not approve until clean."
}